what it is what it do
I'm a1 this is destiny and in this video
I'm gonna be showing you how you can fly
in your evey 30 tumblr sparrow and not
only does this little trick allow you to
fly higher but it also allows you to fly
further which I'm about to show you
right now
first I'm gonna jump off the ramp
without using it and the second time I
jump off the ramp I'm gonna try to use
the little flying glitch or trick or
whatever you want to call it so not only
does it allow you to fly higher but it
also allows you to fly further now it's
kind of hard to explain and you're
probably gonna have to do it a couple
tries before you get the timing of it
because you're gonna have to press
certain buttons at certain times in
order for it to work alright so the
method that I use for flying the ev32
blur and I'm assuming that l2 and r2 are
the buttons that's used for your super
ability if that's the case then l1 will
be your acceleration button you're going
to be holding l1 the entire time and if
you have the buttons map the same way
that I do then r1 is going to be the
button that allows you to spin and we're
gonna be spending to the right or
clockwise just to keep things simple but
as for r1 you don't want to hold that
the entire time you're gonna have to
press it down for a little while and
then let go of it and then press it down
again and let go and in order to fly up
you're gonna have to use the sight
lateral buttons which is l2 and r2 you
use l2 if you're spending left but we're
gonna be spinning right so we're gonna
use r2 and that is the button that is
going to increase your elevation
alright so before you hit the ramp you
should already be holding l1 and r1 and
then you press your left thumb stick to
the right to turn right and right before
your character makes a full circle you
wanna press r2 that makes him do a
lateral movement that moves your
character upwards one thing you want to
make sure that you do is don't hold r1
the entire time if you do you will
inevitably create a tiny black hole from
which you will never escape the way that
I did it I would let go of r1 right
before I pressed
or two and then after I pressed r2 I
would hold our one again in order to do
another spin like I mentioned earlier
it's probably gonna take you a few tries
in order to get the timing of it but it
definitely is possible as you can see in
the video anyways that's the method that
I used to fly my Eevee 30 tumbler if you
enjoyed the video or found it useful
don't forget to do what you do I may
want thanks for watching